thus says the Lord go down to the house
thus says the Lord go down to the house of the king of Judah and there speak
of the king of Judah and there speak
of the king of Judah and there speak this word and say hear the word of the
this word and say hear the word of the
this word and say hear the word of the Lord
Lord
Lord Oh king of Judah you who sit on the
Oh king of Judah you who sit on the
Oh king of Judah you who sit on the throne of David you and your servants
throne of David you and your servants
throne of David you and your servants and your people who enter these gates
and your people who enter these gates
and your people who enter these gates thus says the Lord execute judgment and
thus says the Lord execute judgment and
thus says the Lord execute judgment and righteousness and deliver the plundered
righteousness and deliver the plundered
righteousness and deliver the plundered out of the hand of the oppressor do no
out of the hand of the oppressor do no
out of the hand of the oppressor do no wrong and do no violence to the stranger
wrong and do no violence to the stranger
wrong and do no violence to the stranger the fathers or the widow nor shed
the fathers or the widow nor shed
the fathers or the widow nor shed innocent blood in this place for if you
innocent blood in this place for if you
innocent blood in this place for if you indeed do this thing then shall enter
indeed do this thing then shall enter
indeed do this thing then shall enter the gates of this house riding on horses
the gates of this house riding on horses
the gates of this house riding on horses and in chariots accompanied by servants
and in chariots accompanied by servants
and in chariots accompanied by servants and people Kings who sit on the throne
and people Kings who sit on the throne
and people Kings who sit on the throne of David but if you will not hear these
of David but if you will not hear these
of David but if you will not hear these words I swear by myself
words I swear by myself
words I swear by myself says the Lord that this house shall
says the Lord that this house shall
says the Lord that this house shall become a desolation for thus says the
become a desolation for thus says the
become a desolation for thus says the Lord to the house of the king of Judah
Lord to the house of the king of Judah
Lord to the house of the king of Judah you are Gilead to me the head of Lebanon
you are Gilead to me the head of Lebanon
you are Gilead to me the head of Lebanon yet I surely will make you a wilderness
yet I surely will make you a wilderness
yet I surely will make you a wilderness cities which are not inhabited I will
cities which are not inhabited I will
cities which are not inhabited I will prepare destroyers against you every one
prepare destroyers against you every one
prepare destroyers against you every one with his weapons they shall cut down
with his weapons they shall cut down
with his weapons they shall cut down your choice Cedars and cast them into
your choice Cedars and cast them into
your choice Cedars and cast them into the fire and many nations will pass by
the fire and many nations will pass by
the fire and many nations will pass by the city and everyone will say to his
the city and everyone will say to his
the city and everyone will say to his neighbor why has the Lord done so to
neighbor why has the Lord done so to
neighbor why has the Lord done so to this great city and they will answer
this great city and they will answer
this great city and they will answer because they have forsaken the Covenant
because they have forsaken the Covenant
because they have forsaken the Covenant of the Lord their God and worshipped
of the Lord their God and worshipped
of the Lord their God and worshipped other gods and serve them
other gods and serve them
other gods and serve them weep not for the dead nor bemoan him
weep not for the dead nor bemoan him
weep not for the dead nor bemoan him weep bitterly for him who goes away
weep bitterly for him who goes away
weep bitterly for him who goes away where he shall return no more nor see
where he shall return no more nor see
where he shall return no more nor see his native country for thus says the
his native country for thus says the
his native country for thus says the Lord concerning Shalom the son of Josiah
Lord concerning Shalom the son of Josiah
Lord concerning Shalom the son of Josiah king of Judah who reigned the instead of
king of Judah who reigned the instead of
king of Judah who reigned the instead of Josiah his father who went from this
Josiah his father who went from this
Josiah his father who went from this place he shall not return here any more
place he shall not return here any more
place he shall not return here any more but he shall die in the place where they
but he shall die in the place where they
but he shall die in the place where they have led him captive and shall see this
have led him captive and shall see this
have led him captive and shall see this land no more woe to him who builds his
land no more woe to him who builds his
land no more woe to him who builds his house by unrighteousness and his
house by unrighteousness and his
house by unrighteousness and his chambers by injustice who uses his
chambers by injustice who uses his
chambers by injustice who uses his neighbor's service without wages and
neighbor's service without wages and
neighbor's service without wages and gives him nothing for his work who says
gives him nothing for his work who says
gives him nothing for his work who says I will build myself a wide house with
I will build myself a wide house with
I will build myself a wide house with spacious chambers and cut out windows
spacious chambers and cut out windows
spacious chambers and cut out windows for it
for it
for it paneling it with cedar and painting it
paneling it with cedar and painting it
paneling it with cedar and painting it with Vermillion shall you reign because
with Vermillion shall you reign because
with Vermillion shall you reign because you enclose yourself in cedar did not
you enclose yourself in cedar did not
you enclose yourself in cedar did not your father eat and drink and do justice
your father eat and drink and do justice
your father eat and drink and do justice and righteousness then it was well with
and righteousness then it was well with
and righteousness then it was well with him he judged the cause of the poor and
him he judged the cause of the poor and
him he judged the cause of the poor and needy then it was well was not this
needy then it was well was not this
needy then it was well was not this knowing me says the Lord yet your eyes
knowing me says the Lord yet your eyes
knowing me says the Lord yet your eyes and your heart are for nothing but your
and your heart are for nothing but your
and your heart are for nothing but your covetousness for shedding innocent blood
covetousness for shedding innocent blood
covetousness for shedding innocent blood and practicing oppression and violence
and practicing oppression and violence
and practicing oppression and violence [Music]
[Music]
[Music] therefore thus says the Lord concerning
therefore thus says the Lord concerning
therefore thus says the Lord concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah they shall not lament for him
Judah they shall not lament for him
Judah they shall not lament for him saying alas my brother or alas my sister
saying alas my brother or alas my sister
saying alas my brother or alas my sister they shall not lament for him saying
they shall not lament for him saying
they shall not lament for him saying alas master or alas his glory he shall
alas master or alas his glory he shall
alas master or alas his glory he shall be buried with the burial of a donkey
be buried with the burial of a donkey
be buried with the burial of a donkey dragged and cast out beyond the gates of
dragged and cast out beyond the gates of
dragged and cast out beyond the gates of Jerusalem go up to Lebanon and cry out
Jerusalem go up to Lebanon and cry out
Jerusalem go up to Lebanon and cry out and lift up your voice in Bishan cry
and lift up your voice in Bishan cry
and lift up your voice in Bishan cry from a barren for all your lovers are
from a barren for all your lovers are
from a barren for all your lovers are destroyed I spoke to you in your
destroyed I spoke to you in your
destroyed I spoke to you in your prosperity but you said I will not here
prosperity but you said I will not here
prosperity but you said I will not here this has been your manner from your
this has been your manner from your
this has been your manner from your youth that you did not obey my voice
youth that you did not obey my voice
youth that you did not obey my voice the wind shall eat of all your rulers
the wind shall eat of all your rulers
the wind shall eat of all your rulers and your lovers shall go into captivity
and your lovers shall go into captivity
and your lovers shall go into captivity surely then you will be ashamed and
surely then you will be ashamed and
surely then you will be ashamed and humiliated for all your wickedness o
humiliated for all your wickedness o
humiliated for all your wickedness o inhabitant of Lebanon making your nests
inhabitant of Lebanon making your nests
inhabitant of Lebanon making your nests in the Cedars how gracious will you be
in the Cedars how gracious will you be
in the Cedars how gracious will you be when pangs come upon you like the pain
when pangs come upon you like the pain
when pangs come upon you like the pain of a woman in labor as I live says the
of a woman in labor as I live says the
of a woman in labor as I live says the Lord though Kanaya
Lord though Kanaya
Lord though Kanaya the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were
the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were
the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah were the signet on my right hand yet I would
the signet on my right hand yet I would
the signet on my right hand yet I would pluck you off and I will give you into
pluck you off and I will give you into
pluck you off and I will give you into the hand of those who seek your life and
the hand of those who seek your life and
the hand of those who seek your life and into the hand of those whose face you
into the hand of those whose face you
into the hand of those whose face you fear the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of
fear the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of
fear the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and the hand of the Chaldeans so
Babylon and the hand of the Chaldeans so
Babylon and the hand of the Chaldeans so I will cast you out and your mother who
I will cast you out and your mother who
I will cast you out and your mother who bore you into another country where you
bore you into another country where you
bore you into another country where you were not born
were not born
were not born and there you shall die but to the land
and there you shall die but to the land
and there you shall die but to the land to which they desire to return there
to which they desire to return there
to which they desire to return there they shall not return is this man Kanaya
they shall not return is this man Kanaya
they shall not return is this man Kanaya a despised broken Idol a vessel in which
a despised broken Idol a vessel in which
a despised broken Idol a vessel in which is no pleasure why are they cast out he
is no pleasure why are they cast out he
is no pleasure why are they cast out he and his descendants and cast into a land
and his descendants and cast into a land
and his descendants and cast into a land which they do not know o earth earth
which they do not know o earth earth
which they do not know o earth earth earth hear the word of the Lord thus
earth hear the word of the Lord thus
earth hear the word of the Lord thus says the Lord write this man down as
says the Lord write this man down as
says the Lord write this man down as childless a man who shall not prosper in
childless a man who shall not prosper in
childless a man who shall not prosper in his days for none of his descendants
his days for none of his descendants
his days for none of his descendants shall prosper sitting on the throne of
shall prosper sitting on the throne of
shall prosper sitting on the throne of David and ruling anymore in Judah
David and ruling anymore in Judah
David and ruling anymore in Judah [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you